1- si

2- Form class

3- crear una clase completa y luego agrupar métodos y propiedades en dos o más archivos

4- si

5- when you use the ShowDialog the form is shown in a modal window. 
A modal form generally is used to show a dialog that must be closed until it takes back to the caller...
for instance, the messagebox.show shows the message as a dialog, so the user should close it before the code continues to the next line. 
In the other hand, the show method just shows the form and continues executing the next line of the caller, 
when you open a form from a menu you usually shows it as no modal

6- A Multiple Document Interface (MDI) programs can display multiple child windows inside them. 
This is in contrast to single document interface (SDI) applications, which can manipulate only one document at a time. 
Visual Studio Environment is an example of Multiple Document Interface (MDI) and notepad is an example of an SDI application. 
MDI applications often have a Window menu item with submenus for switching between windows or documents.
IsMdiContainer = true
MdiParent = ParentClass

7- 
New: asigna memoria
constructor:inicializa
Load: This event occurs before a form is displayed for the first time.
Paint: This event occurs when the control is redrawn.
Activated: se activa (foco)
Closing: This event occurs when the form is closing.
Closed: This event occurs when the form is being closed.
Disposed: libera memoria

8- A jagged array is an array whose elements are arrays. The elements of a jagged array can be of different dimensions and sizes. 
A jagged array is sometimes called an "array of arrays."
The elements of Jagged Array are reference types and initialized to null by default. 

9-  un Array es un grupo de variables llamadas elementos o componentes que contienen variables las cuales son de un mismo tipo.

10- en este modo el primer elemento del vector será la componente cero ('0') del mismo, es decir, tendrá el índice '0'. 
En consecuencia, si el vector tiene 'n' componentes la última tendrá como índice el valor 'n-1'. 
El lenguaje C es un ejemplo típico que utiliza este modo de indexación.

11- Exposes an enumerator, which supports a simple iteration over a non-generic collection.
la importancia de la interfaz IEnumerable<T> estriba en que cualquier tipo de datos que la implemente puede servir directamente 
como origen para expresiones de consulta. En particular, los arrays y las colecciones genéricas .NET 2.0 la implementan.

12- Arrays can have more than one dimension. For example, the following declaration creates a two-dimensional array of four rows and two columns.
int[, ,] array1 = new int[4, 2, 3];

13- 38

14- UpperCamel case defines a Class. So String is a class that has methods in C#. Like String.IsNullOrEmpty().
The lower case string and then all the int,long,byte,etc are special keywords, that define a compiling type.

string is an alias in C# for System.String.
So technically, there is no difference. It's like int vs. System.Int32.

As far as guidelines, it's generally recommended to use string any time you're referring to an object.

e.g.

string place = "world";
Likewise, I think it's generally recommended to use String if you need to refer specifically to the class.

e.g.

string greet = String.Format("Hello {0}!", place);


15- Array types are reference types derived from the abstract base type Array. 
Since this type implements IEnumerable and IEnumerable<T>, you can use foreach iteration on all arrays in C#.

16- Un objeto inmutable (immutable type), es aquel cuyo estado, valores, sólo pueden ser establecidas en la inicialización del mismo.
Una vez que un objeto es creado, no puede cambiar nada del mismo.
Para cambiar su valor tendremos que destruir el objeto existente y crear un objeto nuevo, 
por lo que el objeto que teníamos antes (inmutable), dejaría de existir para crear uno nuevo objeto (inmutable).
